>> Kent C. Dodds: Great so, and
that was pretty quick little exercise, but
let's work through it here, and
please ask me any questions that you have.
So we've got this bug in sum and
we need to be able to run this script and
have it fail because that bug exists.
So what we're gonna do is I'm gonna say,
const result = sum(3, 7), and
I want that to equal,
we'll say our expected is 10.
So that's what I expect it to equal.
So here I can just say, if the result
is not equal to the expected,
then I'll throw a new error
that says something like,
the result of $, or yeah,
is not equal to the expected
of $.
Okay, so now if I run that,
I'm gonna get my error, hooray.
And then if I replace this to a +,
then it should pass, right?
So this is a test.
At a fundamental level all that
a test is is something that throws
an error if there is a problem with
your system, if there's a bug.
And the error message is really important.
Right now,
this error message is pretty good,
we could maybe make it
a little bit better.
We're gonna see how frameworks can help us
improve our error messages in assertion
libraries.
But yeah, at a fundamental level,
that's what a test is.
We could also add a test for subtract
as well, but I think you get the idea.
Does anybody have any
questions about this?
>> Kent C. Dodds: Nothing, okay, great.
So our next one, if you look at 2.todo,
you're going to write
an assertion library.
This imperative code right here,
not my favorite.
It would be great to kinda package that up
so I could reuse this over and over again.
If I wanted to do this, like for example,
here's the end result if
we test both of these.
I'm doing the same kind of thing twice, so
it would be really great if I could
package that up into a single assertion.
And so what I want you to do is create
a function that can called with
an actual value and it returns an object
that has some properties on it.
The one property we're using here is toBe.
And that is a function that
accepts the expected value.
And if the actual is not
equal to the expected value,
then it should throw the error, okay?
And then re-factor this code to use
your fancy name assertion library.
And then, sorry, to run it,
you'll just do node2.todo.js.
And you'll get an error, but
yeah, so there's no way to know.
But if you can make this error happen
with this sort of API, then you're good.